feat: allow data.azuread_application lookup using identifier_uri (#1303)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azuread: docs/data-sources/application.md

* `client_id` - (Optional) Specifies the Client ID of the application.
* `display_name` - (Optional) Specifies the display name of the application.
* `object_id` - (Optional) Specifies the Object ID of the application.

> * `identifier_uri` - (Optional) Specifies a identifying URI of the application. This should only be used for lookups, `identifier_uris` should be used to read identifier URIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identifier_uri` - (Optional) Specifies any identifier URI of the application. See also the `identifier_uris` attribute which contains a list of all identifier URIs for the application.
```
